so you see the video I get to see the
real life a new 2011 hitter actually me
alright so what's his new major actually
all about FC being the past I should be
stands for crossover and always has been
the introduction in 2007 but also for
meeting that is capable of good utility
at its heart this is the utility people
it's also capable of more than that
recreation and you asked me kicked that
off in 2007 but really we're taking it
beyond that weight to the next level now
knows we have the newest extra means for
2011 they're really based on the
positioning of their unparalleled
balance of performance work and at the
same time deliver all the tasks
consumers my desire for them these are
heavy duty to these extra piece and
these models that we'll talk about here
that we have in the new 2011
one all right obviously heavy-duty if
they take larger capacities in this
burger in this market usually vehicles
you may have light duty vehicles and our
contracts years we've been duty clocks
with vehicles like all our traditional
team model series of product there's the
heavy duty products that have larger
capacities and capabilities with utility
and then there was a variety of other
categories as well the Super Duty
classically or proprietary system and
then touch the market where we don't
currently have any products like
companies that are made for recreational
purpose built first so this is this is
where this sits in our portfolio or
having any class but this is the
crossover vehicle for us and it's harder
utility vehicle it has a spirit of
performance we'll have three new models
when we come out with these extra beast
here in July we have a six twenty
hundred result day with a comma 6 comma
PI bond we have the 830 dr useful
product or sold in is very popular today
will be from the 835 team and they're
due for a new context movies and then we
have our own in model the actually be
825 ironing gas model
who are these products of position for
as we talked about before a little bit
of evolution we have all of our products
obviously our portfolio really serves
and read BAPS needs and the different
kinds of consumers out the market space
actually is positioned mostly for the
outdoor enthusiasts and a big part of
that is still the producer that still
loves the outdoors personally likes the
planet bitch without door activities is
the big deal ducks hunting will be an
activity will be departing to market our
products and speak to the consumers and
those kind of activities that we've got
the right products with them because all
the utility have the true for work side
of our products capacity extra
performance in particular in the x.25
line if they're desiring and meaning in
this marks they seem to stuff what they
want to do obviously what they want is
high performance those outdoor
enthusiasts and hunting of people out
there they want high performance they
demand it in fact that's that's what
they're buying and that's why John Deere
needs to have the products in our
portfolio to be a leader in this market
we need to make sure who may need to
these customers and that's what we want
to do so what is going to be high
performance about our office some of
these are specific for the twenty five
some of you go across all the models
starting with a new model with a new
engine that methods to the part of our
performance a new 812 cc unique engines
liquid-cooled inline three cylinder
automobile and as in this product and as
we need characteristics that I think
you're right it's got a best-in-class 50
horsepower as well as that that's easy
stuff it's a 44 mile an hour machine
that's top speed and it has an advanced
suspension to be able to handle that
power and speed to be able to properly
handle we have a sport-tuned suspension
that can really soak up the bubbles and
that the suspension is on every model
over the portfolio so you're gonna get
to drive these they all have the same
suspension on every model in the
everything line we also have an
overloaded braking system there on every
model
it's a new braking system as twinning
distant front calipers really really
picks up our stopping power something we
were to meet in a cybereye response and
obviously never alone with our variables
of our product at higher speeds
we needed a better braking system we
also are now putting on this we
introduced this in 2010 the TSM RDX and
pH products when the deluxe car box our
best-in-class collect starter box is now
the standard on all models and the extra
beats as well
this is an awesome advice as the largest
in this industry has great unique
features for utility and car carrying
capacity we want to go after rival as
well so high performance you got a
backup drive all right
a great life Armando's and training and
our new mm the double wishbone
suspension is really going to be the
ticket you get the experiences for
yourself this is an awesome new
suspension so at the same time it helps
to do suspension handle well it provides
an awesome ride
we also completely new seceding options
on all these models together give these
seating options on any SUV that will set
one or three models so our seats are
completely different than when we sell
turn currently today and we'll talk
about Mondays and etymology new tire
options across the board also for all
the SUVs and you'll get to see some of
those tires that provide in a lighter
tread personally don't tear up our own
property all the way to a good
aggressive tread and then some
aftermarket wheels in fact we can use
that to install you see that are really
radial tires on our alloy wheels
operator protection system and a
stability we work water safety when
you're going to make products that have
this kind of power capability in this
industry you've read the things that are
going on John Deere is the forefront of
safety and we're going to continue to do
that with this product as well our
designs and our safety first ability or
are going to be unmatched in this market
you're gonna feel this yourself in the
brain will drive on and as well are our
beverages consistency will continue to
be casted that are all
being certified our utility at the heart
this is still utility all vehicles we
will always make agility visuals meeting
the driving needs this is just a cross
over each other vehicle so it's kind of
come with durability Northwest on the
wire and top your product it's going to
call those things like this great new
towards our box which I mentioned we got
increase our capability and toning now
1,500 pounds payroll is still very high
49 pounds and our new fat suspension
system so it handles really well
provides a great ride quality but it's
got to be designed to handle the weight
to this cargo box can hold and it will
in one spot way to their retirement
ground pulling the handles to the
building make that product properly the
suspensions been worked on to make sure
it can do that as well
so in conclusion basically the one of
the new SUVs are all about high
performance about the ride and they're
gone utility and again you're going to
get to find all this out for yourself
and try these products all out more when
we go riding and it's going to be a lot
of fun